Removed Python 3.8 from our compatibility charts (#274)
astronomer/docs: enterprise/next/09_resources/03_version-compatibility-reference.md

For more detail on each version of Astronomer Certified and instructions on how to upgrade, refer to our ["Manage Airflow Versions" doc](https://www.astronomer.io/docs/enterprise/next/customize-airflow/manage-airflow-versions/).

> > **Note:** While Astronomer Certified is compatible with Python 3.6, 3.7, and 3.8, the Docker image is built and tested only with Python 3.7. To use a different version of Python, you need to specify that version when building a custom image. For more information, read [Change Python Versions](/docs/enterprise/next/customize-image#change-python-versions).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note:** While the Astronomer Certified Python Wheel supports Python versions 3.6, 3.7, and 3.8, AC Docker images have been tested and built to only support Python 3.7 by default. To run Astronomer Certified on Docker with Python versions 3.6 or 3.8, you're free to create a custom image with your desired version of Python specified. For more information, read [Change Python Versions](/docs/enterprise/next/customize-image#change-python-versions).
```

Author: I took the "support" language out for images, since that seems to contradict the second sentence.
